---
as_str: 8
as_int: 14
as_dex: 18
as_wis: 12
as_cha: 15
as_con: 18
prof_arcana: true
exp_arcana: true
prof_sleight_of_hand: true
class: druid
subclass: druid_spores
prepared_druidcraft: true
level: 17
prepared_message: false
prepared_poison_spray: true
prepared_moonbeam: true
prepared_magic_stone: true
prepared_infestation: true
prepared_charm_person: true
prepared_cure_wounds: true
prepared_faerie_fire: true
prepared_healing_word: true
prepared_enlarge_reduce: true
prepared_healing_spirit: true
prepared_heat_metal: true
prepared_hold_person: true
prepared_foresight: true
prepared_feeblemind: true
prepared_reverse_gravity: true
prepared_bones_of_the_earth: true
prepared_greater_restoration: true
prepared_insect_plague: true
prepared_tidal_wave: true
prepared_polymorph: true
prepared_giant_insect: true
max_prep: 22
prepared_dispel_magic: true
prepared_fire_storm: true
prepared_mass_cure_wounds: true
prepared_flesh_to_stone: true
prepared_earth_tremor: false
prepared_detect_poison_and_disease: false
prepared_detect_magic: false
---
